> January 6: The new building of the National Organization Agency (MIT) opened in Etimesgut, Ankara.
> January 15: Turkey lifts its ban on Wikipedia, due to a ruling by the Turkish High Constitutional Court.
> March 1: Turkey started conducting Operation Spring Shield.
> March 11: The Ministry of Health confirms the first COVID-19 case in Turkey.
> March 12: As part of the governmental measures for controlling the pandemic, primary and secondary schools were closed for 1 week from 16 March. 
Universities were also closed for 3 weeks.
> March 17: The first death from COVID-19 occurred in Turkey.
> March 21: A curfew was imposed by the government for people over 65.
> March 27: All educational programs were suspended until April 30 as a result of governmental measures for controlling the COVID-19 pandemic.
> April 20: Another curfew was announced by the government in 30 metropolitan municipalities and Zonguldak, 
restricting movement across the cities between 23-27 April.
> June 1: Prohibitions and measures introduced to combat the COVID-19 pandemic started to be gradually lifted. The normalization process began.
> July 6: 450 hectares of forest were burned in the Ilgardere district of Gelibolu, Canakkale. Transportation was stopped in the Dardanelles.
> July 10: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan annuls the Hagia Sophia's museum status, converting the site back into a mosque.
> August 21:Turkey has found 320 billion cubic meters of natural gas in the biggest ever discovery in the Black Sea, and hopes to begin production by 2023. 
The Turkish drilling ship Fatih, had been carrying out exploration operations in the Tuna-1 sector in the western Black Sea for the past month.
> August 25: Ahlat Mansion was opened during the 949th anniversary of Manzikert Victory.
> September 17: Turkey's first flying car introduced as Cezeri, took off in Teknofest Gaziantep.
> September 21: In-person education following the COVID-19 pandemic started gradually, covering first grade and pre-school students.
> September 24: An earthquake of 4.2 magnitude occurred off Tekirdag and Marmaraereglisi.
> September 27: Erdogan announced that Turkey would support Azerbaijan during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.
> October 17: Erdogan announced that 85 billion cubic meters of natural gas was discovered in the Black Sea.
> November 9: Treasury and Finance Minister Berat Albayrak's request for resignation was accepted by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and 
Lütfi Elvan was appointed as the new Minister of Treasury and Finance.
> November 15: The Turkish Grand Prix was held for the first time after nine years.
> December 30: 3 million units of CoronaVac were delivered to Turkey.